Units module overhaul; cuboid class changes (#4810)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/dev/Lua API.rst

  Returns a list of units (possibly empty) assigned to the given noble role.

> * ``dfhack.units.getCitizens([exclude_residents, include_insane])``

Reviewer: should be `dfhack.units.getCitizens([exclude_residents[, include_insane]])` since the function can take 0, 1, or 2 parameters. `dfhack.units.getCitizens([exclude_residents, include_insane])` means it takes 0 or 2, but not 1.

  Returns a list of all living, sane citizens and residents that are currently

>   on the  map. Can ``exclude_residents`` or ``include_insane`` (both default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on the map. Can ``exclude_residents`` or ``include_insane`` (both default
```

  Finds (or creates if requested) a misc trait object with the given id.

* ``dfhack.units.getRaceNameById(race_id)``
* ``dfhack.units.getRaceName(unit)``

  Get raw token name (e.g., "DWARF").

* ``dfhack.units.getRaceReadableNameById(race_id)``
* ``dfhack.units.getRaceReadableName(unit)``
* ``dfhack.units.getRaceNamePluralById(race_id)``
* ``dfhack.units.getRaceNamePlural(unit)``

  Get human-readable name (e.g., "dwarf" or "dwarves").

* ``dfhack.units.getRaceBabyNameById(race_id[,plural])``
* ``dfhack.units.getRaceBabyName(unit[,plural])``
* ``dfhack.units.getRaceChildNameById(race_id[,plural])``
* ``dfhack.units.getRaceChildName(unit[,plural])``

  Get human-readable baby or child name (e.g., "dwarven baby" or "dwarven child").

> * ``dfhack.units.getReadableName(unit)``

Reviewer: sorry about this, but expect a few merge conflicts with https://github.com/DFHack/dfhack/pull/4816

  Returns a string that includes the language name of the unit (if any), the
  race of the unit (if different from fort), whether it is trained for war or
  hunting, any syndrome-given descriptions (such as "necromancer"), the training
  level (if tame), and profession or noble role.

* ``dfhack.units.getPhysicalDescription(unit)``

  Should return physical description of the unit, but may not work for a given

>   DFHack build.

Reviewer: looking at the code, this might never work for any DFHack build and should probably be removed.

Does it produce any output on Windows? I can confirm it does nothing on Linux.

Author: Nope. I suppose it worked for [v47.04](https://github.com/DFHack/df-structures/blob/dd8b9335007941c3aea27474b0a08ba31f6bc97f/symbols.xml#L3408), but the address of the function was never maintained.

* ``dfhack.items.moveToBuilding(item,building[,use_mode[,force_in_building])``

  Move the item to the building. Returns *false* if impossible.

>   ``use_mode`` defaults to 0. If set to 2, the item will be treated as part of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``use_mode`` defaults to ``df.building_item_role_type.TEMP``. If set to ``df.building_item_role_type.PERM``, the item will be treated as part of
```
